# Chapter 1

D shivered, his blanket having fallen off.

He turned over, feeling around for it before pausing.

*This doesn't feel like my bed at all.*

D looked around and found the space dark and frigid and empty. What made him freeze up though was the view above him.

A veritable ocean of stars stretched out overhead. It was his first time seeing such an amazingly grand starry sky. There were bright and dim stars, a colorful nebula and an asteroid field that seemed surprisingly close by.

*"What the hell?!"*

Asteroids, which glittered in the starlight, were practically right before his very eyes.

*Hmmm.*

*There's no place on Earth where I can actually see these things from this up close.*

It was quite common to see this type of scenery in games and movies though. But it was absolutely impossible to see them from a distance which made them visible to the naked eye for real.

*"A dream? No, this biting cold is real."*

The bone piercing coldness just felt way too real. The feeling of being lightheaded right after waking up and this rising sense of uneasiness also seemed eerily real.

*Where am I this time?*

D looked around, his eyes adjusting to the surroundings.

*A seat. Some kind of harness?*

D leaned back instinctively as his stomach dropped, like on a rollercoaster.

*Hmmm, that is different.*

D looked at the surroundings and his outfit, his memory feeling blurry. He closed his eyes and thought back to the last thing that he could remember.

His mind flashed through memories like a film reel. The zombie hordes, the plains of Pandora and the smog of Night City. He clenched and unclenched his hand as he recalled a thousand lifetimes of memories of robotic limbs and electronic existence and of flesh and blood. He recalled his last and surprisingly mundane life filled with work and video games and 400 Marvel movies.

*"Ah, games."*

*"This is the cockpit of my ship."*

No matter how D looked at it, this seemed to be the cockpit of the ship he had in a game he had been playing for a couple of years now, the Saanahti.

The game was called [Everspace].

It was a space piloting game set in a vast galaxy built around flying deeper, upgrading the ship and recruiting crew along the way. D had been at it for a couple of years.

The ship was a Saanahti. D just called it the Orca. At this point it was a completely different ship compared to when he first bought it.

It was originally a light fighter that D had improved over time. The original Stinger chassis had an additional weapon hardpoint and a nanoswarm hive that he could use to attack other vessels and repair his own. Over the years he had modded in another hardpoint and gathered the greatest components he could.

D felt a bit of pride as he looked around the cockpit, seeing the various upgrades he had accumulated manifested in his ship. His pride did not last long. The cold nearly consumed him.

Shivering, he made his way over to the control panel and fumbled around until he found the on switch. He sighed in relief as the life support came on.

*"Geez, if I had fallen back asleep I would have missed all this."*

A small screen displayed the temperature and oxygen levels. The average temperature within the whole ship was slightly below minus 10 degrees. It showed there was not enough oxygen left to survive another day. That was if he had even survived the cold.

As warm air filled the room the readouts stabilized.

D settled back into the pilot's seat and looked over the bright cockpit controls in front of him. He did not know where he was. He sat and wondered what his goal should be.

D pondered for a moment before shrugging his shoulders and grinning.

*"Whatever, I'll just see what comes my way."*

D spent the next while familiarizing himself with his ship.

D found the controls surprisingly intuitive to get used to. The ship had manual controls and a neural link for piloting. Even though he had been used to a keyboard and mouse from the game, he managed to maneuver the Orca just fine. He had a little trouble with the foot pedals and the control stick at first but he managed to get the hang of them after a while, while with these different types of controls it became possible to perform more detailed maneuvers.

D chuckled as he moved the ship through space, feeling the inertial dampeners strain against the maneuvers.

*"This is better than an amusement park ride."*

*"Alright, let's see if the weapons systems are the same as I remember."*

D brought the weapon systems online and activated the ship's ordnance. He watched as a part of the ship's hull transformed and revealed the weapon hardpoints. D raised an eyebrow as the hardpoints extended from the hull on arms and swiveled towards his line of sight.

Each arm held a different weapon, causing D to grin. A beam laser, a pulse laser, a plasma flak cannon and a scatter gun. Each covered a different range and purpose. They belonged to different playstyles and playthroughs. They made D very happy. Normally he cycled through the presets. Having these available at the same time opened up a number of possibilities. Normally a single gun alone would not have enough power. D had not grinded legendary rifts for years for nothing.

In addition, two missile pods could extend out from both sides of the cockpit. They could loose their warheads in a quick salvo and were extremely useful during combat. Most small warships would get wrecked from a couple well placed shots.

D noticed most of the ordnance was made up of homing missiles. There were a few large warheads that looked exceptionally menacing and expensive sitting in a deployable hangar.

*"Alright, here we go!"*

D locked on to a large asteroid nearby and fired the beam laser, slicing it in half. One half he vaporized with the pulse laser. The other he burst apart with the scatter gun. Launching the plasma flak broke up the remaining pieces and hurled them around. The fragments scattered and hit the energy shield deployed around the Orca and caused the shield to light up.

*"Whoah!?"*

*"That was quite the firepower."*

D's grin grew wider.

*This was awesome.*

---

# Navigation

[Next: Chapter 2](2.md)
