# Chapter 2

D quickly figured out this was not a dream. He could feel the G-forces hit his body during rapid maneuvers, enough to make his bones ache and his organs protest.

Where the heck was he anyway? D tried to confirm his coordinates on the galaxy map only to find the words NO DATA being displayed. He totally had no clue about where he was and what was out there. Man, this was real bad.

Anyways, the universe was quite vast. It was not a place where someone could simply wander around while expecting things to somehow go their way without any definite info on hand.

In Everspace, players still had not managed to reach the center of the galaxy even after years of the game being live. D did not know if the situation was the same in this universe, but he thought it would be safer to assume it had the same scale.

D temporarily gave up on confirming his current location and proceeded to check on the status of the ship. He did not really have any bounties put up against him. Guess that was a good thing, considering his current circumstances. He would not be suddenly caught by sector patrol and forced to eat rotten food in jail or anything of the sort.

Next, D checked his current registered affiliation and available funds. He was apparently unaffiliated. He was an out and out civilian who did not even belong to the Mercenary Guild. His registered captain name seemed to be the same as the one he used in-game.

And his total wealth was a whopping 0 Enel.

*What the heck? I sure am one dirt poor sob.*

*"All that money I painstakingly saved."*

D muttered in despair as he proceeded to check the ship's cargo.

*"Let's see how much food there is available."*

When D operated the touch panel display, he was able to confirm that the minimum amount of food and water had been safely stored inside the cargo hold. How conscientious. Just who prepared this for him, he wondered. He had no idea.

There were also a few rounds of scattershot shells and two spare energy packs for the ship.

*"And there's also some rare metals huh. That's quite a lot. This is bad."*

What was wrong with this stuff? Well, first D would have to think about Everspace's in-game currency.

In the world of Everspace, physical banknotes and coins had been long obsolete, and an electronic currency called Enel was the trading medium widely used all throughout the galaxy. Enel exchange was pretty simple and convenient, but since it was an e-currency, there was a need to keep track and regulate all transaction records involving it.

Rare metals were, as the name implied, valuable resource materials which were extremely scarce in amount across the galaxy. They could be exchanged for lots of Enel at almost any colony or space station.

In short, they were just like gold, silver or precious jewels on Earth. Since trading directly with materials involved a whole lot of trouble, this method was only used by shady folk who wished to avoid being traced back through conventional Enel exchanges.

Carrying this much rare metal would make D a pretty tempting target for folks engaged in a particular line of work. In game terms, the encounter rate for hostile NPCs would shoot through the roof.

[Warning. We are being scanned by an unidentified ship.]

The support AI installed on the Orca gave out a warning.

*"Well, that was fast."*

Just because D was scanned without warning did not mean the other party were definitely space pirates. It may be that it was a mistake due to his ship having a malfunction. Or maybe the other party was just someone who was passing by and just happened to scan him.

*Right. Let's not kid ourselves.*

D was most probably being scanned because he was hella suspicious.

An unknown ship containing a boatload of valuable and difficult to acquire materials moored in the middle of a desolate space sector was definitely suspicious as heck. They were probably suspecting him of being in the middle of an illegal trade with criminal elements using rare metals or something.

[The unknown ship has brought its weapon systems online.]

Ah, how heartless Lady Luck was. Looks like she was not inclined to bless D with her smile this time. The odds of suddenly getting threatened with weapons at the ready by an opponent who did not even seem to be a bounty hunter right in the middle of nowhere was supposed to be a low 1 in 10 chance, yet here they were.

*"Hey there, brotha. You taking a nap in a place like this?"*

*"Ha. Ahahaha. There's actually nothing of interest here, folks. Now please don't mind me and hurry along."*

*"Huh? Don't say that brotha. Isn't it a good thing that we've luckily managed to meet each other within this vast universe? How bout ya share some of the cargo ya have there with us poor folk. Ya do that and we won't give ya much trouble, kay?"*

*"I'm afraid I'll have to refuse. How about I sell some off to you for a good price?"*

In the middle of their negotiations, three other unidentified ships suddenly warped out and arrived at the sector they were located on. All of their weapons were already deployed and were primed for firing at a moment's notice.

When they closed in enough, info on the three unknowns appeared on D's monitor screen. Their overall build was a great heaping mess of haphazard modules forcefully joined together. All of them had moderate cargo capacity and were fairly capable of fielding weapons. It was just that their maintenance seemed severely lacking. There were lots of scratches and dents on them. They really looked like typical pirate ships.

*"Hm? Now that's quite an unfamiliar ship model. Where'd the ship come from, kid?"*

*"No comment."*

D scanned the unknown enemy ships as well while thinking they were most probably bona fide space pirates. Yep, that was a hit alright. Every ship had a bounty of 5,000 to 8,000 Enel.

*"Hah, you've scanned us huh? Well, can't be helped. Just hand over all yer cargo. Ya do that kid and I'll at least leave ya with yer life intact."*

*"Hah. Guess I really gotta do this, huh?"*

D started to harden his resolve while gradually raising the energy output of the main generator from normal level to battle level. What was he resolving himself for? Well, for massacring some unfortunate folks of course.

This rare metal was extremely important to him. People could not live without money after all. If he were to get threatened with weapons in order to forcefully take these babies away from him, then he would have to respond in kind, in virtue of self defense. In other words, that meant thoroughly crushing these fucking space pirates.

*"Yep. Atta boy. Ya don't wanna kick the bucket just yet, right?"*

*"Yeah. Guess so."*

It was obvious what would happen if humans were to lose the protection of ships within the vacuum of space. In the first place, they would get done in once they got caught up in a ship's explosion.

Even though D was undoubtedly going to engage in a battle to the death moments away from now, there was no sense of fear within him. Maybe because the ship he was helming right now was the Orca.

The ships the pirates sported used civilian general purpose models as bases and were several generations old. The output of their main generators, shield strength and weaponry were all horribly lacking. They were not properly maintained and their armor was brittle as fuck. On the other hand, D's Orca was a Saanahti that had been modified to peak performance by him.

The shield output and weapon firepower were lightyears beyond their trashy models, and its armor was also military grade.

To put it bluntly, there was not even a tiny sliver of a chance that D would lose. This was not going to be a battle, but a one sided hunt. Or rather, a deathtrap.

The generator output finally reached battle level.

*"If you guys don't want to die, then I suggest you surrender. I think I'd probably end up killing you anyway, so don't hold a grudge, alright?"*

*"Ya sure bark hard for someone facing three opponents, huh? Ya better not regret this, kid!"*

The pirate ships surrounding D turned their bows toward him all at once. In that instant, D fired up the Orca's throttle to maximum.

*"Gah!"*

*"What the!?"*

*"That's fast!?"*

While being assaulted by Gs, D operated the touch panel and brought his ship's weapons online.

The weapon hardpoints extended from the Orca's hull on arms and swiveled toward the pirate ships. Two missile pods stretched forward from both sides of the cockpit.

The auxiliary thrusters blasted out, allowing the ship to make a sudden reverse turn while preserving all its built up momentum. In mere moments, the beam laser and pulse laser were aimed straight at the space pirate ships.

*"The bastard just transformed!!!"*

The pulse laser fired and easily pierced the shield and physical armor of a pirate ship, causing a series of explosions within its hull. Its cockpit seemed to have been burnt to a crisp as well.

*"With just one attack!?"*

D wordlessly accelerated and took the rear of a fleeing pirate ship. The heavy Gs caused his field of vision to darken. He fired the pulse laser again once he felt a bit better.

*"No! I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die! I don't!"*

The pulse laser energy beam effortlessly smashed through the shield and ruthlessly pierced through the main boosters of the pirate ship whose pilot was crying desperately for dear life. When the beam reached the main generator, the second ship also exploded to bits.

**BOOM**

*"Ya fucking bastard! I'll fucking kill ya!"*

The third ship did not choose to flee, but challenged D to a dogfight instead. Did the pilot want to get even after seeing his friends get killed? There was almost no way to effectively avoid laser cannon fire launching out at the speed of light. So what did one do instead? Move erratically so the opponent could not get a proper lock.

*"Guh!? Arrgh!"*

D controlled the Orca to make random maneuvers by using the various auxiliary thrusters while interchangeably accelerating and decelerating constantly. He might throw up from this.

*"Shit! Ya sure are one slippery bastard!"*

The space pirate adjusted his firing angle accordingly and launched off some shots towards D. That was not how pirates acted in the game. The one riding inside was a human just like him. It honestly made him feel like vomiting.

Perhaps D's urge to vomit had an influence on his handling of the Orca, or maybe the pirate's aiming adjustments managed to catch up to his evasive maneuvers, but laser fire finally managed to hit the Orca dead on.

*"It didn't even flinch!?"*

The red laser fired off by the pirate ship was completely blocked by the Orca's energy shield, and could not even leave any burn marks on its armor. Guess that settled it, huh?

D started to accelerate towards the pirate ship with its bow pointing towards him. The pirate ship also rushed towards him. It was like a chicken race.

The pirate ship frantically fired off its laser cannons in a last ditch effort, but it was ultimately futile. Even if the shots managed to hit the Orca, they could not even get past its energy shield.

*"Stooop! Mommy!"*

Before D crashed into it, he maneuvered out of the opposing ship's way, and fired two missile pods straight at it the moment their units passed each other by. The warheads shot out at super-high speed and broke through the pirate ship's energy shield, punching its hull full of holes.

Swiss cheese was ready to be served.

*"Hah! Haaah, ha."*

D rapidly brought the ship around and adjusted his messy breathing while gazing at the exploding pirate ship. He decreased the generator output back to normal levels and turned the weapon systems offline.

The feeling of wanting to throw up had settled down before he knew it. Were his insides just shaken up from all those reckless maneuvers? It was not something caused by any sort of psychological aversion? Hm, D seemed to be made of tougher stuff than he gave himself credit for.

D could not sink into negative thoughts. He had to think positively. Positive. Otherwise, he would die. Mentally, that is.

---

# Navigation

[Previous: Chapter 1](1.md) | [Next: Chapter 3](3.md)
