# 492 — ...There's More

*Translator: SFBaka*

Editor: Thor's Stone

「Well, it seems pretty clear that Viscount Bushbaum dislikes everything about me, but I'd like you to calm down and think about this rationally. When it comes down to it, from the perspective of Earl Dareinwald House-or rather, the people governing Earl Dareinwald territory-it would probably be best if I didn't get too deeply involved in managing the territory or poking my nose into everything.」

When I said this, Viscount Bushbaum fell silent, his face still dark and brooding. He was probably trying his best to process the meaning of my words with his overheated mind. In contrast to the Viscount's reaction, Baroness Erztberger narrowed her eyes as she looked at me. *Ah, I can sense that her mental state has shifted from one of caution and wariness to one of interest.*

「If I get too involved in the affairs of the Dareinwald territory, Marquis Holz might use me as a means to interfere in the Earl's domain. I think this is probably the pattern you are most worried about. And frankly, I wouldn't put it past him. That's why I think it's better not to give me any political power, and let me act as any other mercenary. Of course, my main motivation for saying this is due to my reluctance to play politics.」

「You're quite honest about it.」

I shrugged my shoulders as I responded to Baroness Erztberger's remark.

「I'm just someone who wants to live without burdens like schemes and political intrigues, I'm just happy living leisurely while exterminating space pirates from time to time. Of course, I like Chris, so if she asks me for something, I'd probably go along with it without much resistance.」

As I said this and glanced at Chris, she tilted her head slightly with a face that seemed to say, 'Really?' *Now that I think about it, I don't recall granting Chris's requests all that often. In fact, I feel like I've denied most of her requests, but that's usually because Chris tends to offer her body as payment. But when it comes to protecting Chris or lending support to the Imperial Navy at her request, I've always complied, haven't I?*

「Well, Chris can discuss with Earl Dareinwald and decide how best to make use of me. I wouldn't mind taking on a longer-term assignment, depending on the situation. As long as I'm properly compensated, of course.」

By 'longer-term assignment', I meant situations where I might need to stay in Dareinwald territory for an extended period-like while we're building a house somewhere in the Comatt Star System, or if one or more of the crew members become pregnant, necessitating time for childbirth and child-rearing.

「Hmph, so it all comes down to money in the end...」

「That's right. The inseparable relationship between money and responsibility is something I shouldn't have to explain to a noble like you, Viscount Bushbaum, don't you think?」

I said this, nodding toward Viscount Bushbaum, whose face had regained some composure. *Whether it's for family or not, if you're doing a job, you should take responsibility for it properly. And the guarantee for that responsibility is money. If you're getting paid, you need to do the job with full responsibility. You can't trust any job done for free.*

「I'll say it again: my desire to wander around without taking on various responsibilities is just part of who I am, It's almost like my identity at this point, and I don't intend to hide that. No matter how I dress it up, I continue my work as a mercenary simply because that's what I want to do. However, there's another reason I can't do much about.」

「Interesting. May I hear it?」

「Sure. I have an extraordinary knack for attracting trouble.」

When I said this with a straight face, everyone except Chris and Earl Dareinwald, who knew a bit about my circumstances, looked at me as if to say, 'What is this guy saying?'

*Yeah, it's confusing, isn't it? Even I don't expect people to just suddenly understand when I say it like that, so I'll explain. I'll explain it all very thoroughly.*

「Do you know the odds of encountering space pirates in the time it takes a starship to reach a colony after exiting hyperspace? Of course, it varies greatly depending on the security level of the star system, but on average, it's said to be about once in every 1,500 trips. For reference, I've had over thirty encounters in about half a year. And it's not like I sought them out on purpose-I was targeted by interdictors, or I stumbled upon civilian ships already under attack by pirates. I encounter them just by taking a walk.」

After hearing my story, Baroness Erztberger pulled a face as if to say, 'Wow, that's awful.' *But this is just the tip of the iceberg.*

「Like that time I worked with the Imperial Space Navy to take down a pirate base, only to return and find the colony we were headed to in danger of being wiped out by a bioterror attack. Or when I defeated some pirates and salvaged their cargo, I ended up rescuing the princess of an Earl's house and got entangled in her family's drama. Or there was that delivery job where the destination was suddenly attacked by crystal lifeforms. After barely surviving the battle, I went to the imperial capital to receive a medal for my efforts, only to catch the Emperor's eye and get roped into a tournament with swords, power armor, and combat ships. Then there was the time when I accepted a job from a certain Earl to protect a group of settlers where, for some reason, I ended up having to land on a planet undergoing terraforming and fight a swarm of bio-weapons that could snap people in half with their bare hands. And let's not forget the time I visited the elves' homeworld for a vacation, only for our aircraft to crash in the middle of a virgin forest while a group of pirates attacked the planet... Do you want to hear more?」

「...There's more?」

I nodded, and even Viscount Bushbaum now looked at me with something akin to sympathy. *Weren't you looking at me like I had murdered your entire family just a moment ago?*

「So, if Hiro-dono were to stay in Dareinwald territory for an extended period...?」

「As unscientific as it sounds, there's a chance I might attract some kind of trouble. Not that it's guaranteed, of course. Things do tend to work out in the end, turning misfortune into fortune. But sometimes, I end up in situations so tough that my life is in danger.」

「No matter how you look at it, that sounds incredibly unscientific... but there are some things in this world you cannot explain with science alone...」

As she spoke, Baroness Erztberger glanced over at my companions who were observing from a little distance away-or rather, she looked at Kugi. Although Mimi, Elma, and the others who accompanied me didn't have speaking rights in this meeting, they were allowed to attend as observers, so we arranged seats for them. I had briefly introduced everyone, so she knew who Kugi was and what country she hailed from.

「It seems that psionics can explain the reason for my bouts of bad luck.」

「So, it's the real deal, huh?」

「I suppose it is.」

「I support Hiro-dono continuing his mercenary work. And if possible, I'd prefer it if you stayed away from the Stearine Star System.」

Baroness Erztberger declared with a crisp snap of her folding fan. *Aren't you straightforward? It's even refreshing.*

「Whether that happens or not depends on Chris and Earl Dareinwald's decision. So, just to confirm-Viscount Bushbaum, Baron Schnorr, and Baroness Erztberger agree with the idea that I will continue to work as a mercenary, even after I become Chris's husband, and that I will not actively involve myself in the affairs of Dareinwald territory?」

At my question, Viscount Bushbaum nodded with a sour expression, while Baron Schnorr nodded without any noticeable change in his demeanor. *Hmm. Viscount Bushbaum's reactions are quite straightforward, so he is easy to understand, but Baron Schnorr is harder to read because he barely changes his expression. Judging from the mental waves I'm sensing from him, he doesn't seem to harbor any animosity towards me... Well, I guess that's to be expected since this is our first meeting.*

After that, we discussed the finer details regarding the engagement and marriage with Chris, and the meeting concluded peacefully. Viscount Bushbaum threw a few jabs here and there, but when I mentioned that I was starting to get interested in the star system governed by his house and that maybe I would visit it before heading to the Holy Vuelzarus Empire, he fell silent.* I know I said it myself, and I used it to make him shut up, but still, it's somewhat unsatisfying to see him so thoroughly put off...*
