# 383 — UwU

*Translator: SFBaka*

Editor: Thor's Stone

"A lot sure has happened today."

"Yeah."

"Right."

Since Ohta and Kiram had already left, we proceeded to take turns having showers or baths and relaxed in the comfortable living room.

I, who simply took a quick shower, and Tina and Wiska, who won the rock-paper-scissors game among the girls in order to decide the order for using the bath, were the first to come out. This room had multiple showers, bathrooms, and toilets, so it's quite convenient for housing a large group like ours.

"Hey, hey, Boss. When are we gonna have that welcome party for the Doc?"

"Hm? Well, I was thinking we should have it after the renovation of the Lotus. Wouldn't it be better to have a party in the mess hall of the Lotus?"

"I see......"

After she heard my answer, Tina seemed to lose energy as she proceeded to lean against me. Maybe she's disappointed that she wouldn't get to drink that alcohol we bought yet. Wiska leaned against me just like Tina. What's with you guys all of a sudden?

"That was so refreshing!"

"It felt really good."

It seems that Mimi and Kugi took a bath together. Elma was right behind them.

"So Dr. Shouko's last huh?"

"She seems to be taking her time with enjoying the bath."

"Woah-"

Elma lifted Tina up and sat down next to me instead. She then plopped Tina right beside her. By the way, Tina and Wiska may be relatively small in size, but their bones and muscles were quite dense, so they were both fairly heavy, but...... just look at how easily she lifted Tina. Elma's strength was as impressive as always.

"Go ahead and sit here, Mimi-san."

"Is it really okay?"

"I've had my fill, so it's fine."

Wiska voluntarily handed over her spot to Mimi. She then carefully brushed Kugi's tails with a comb she took out from who-knows-where.

"I'm sorry for always troubling you."

"It's fine. I'm doing it because I like to, so don't worry about it."

Wiska continued to carefully and gently comb Kugi's tails. Does Wiska like furry stuff too......? Maybe I should prepare a brush myself. I also want to fluff those voluminous tails to my heart's content.

"What are we going to do tomorrow, Hiro-sama?"

"Let's see. We won't be able to use Black Lotus, but Krishna and Antlion are fine, so it should be possible to hunt some pirates a bit. We've used up a chunk of our funds after all. I suppose it's kind of like a leisure drive?"

"That sure sounds real dangerous for a leisure drive...... Well, I guess it's definitely our style."

"A mercenary's style!"

Mimi sounded elated. Elma also seemed receptive to the idea.

"Hey, guys? We can also just hang around in the room and relax all day y'know?"

"That doesn't sound bad either."

"I think it's important to give our bodies a good rest from time to time for the sake of our health."

That sounds nice and all Wiska, but I think Tina and Elma both only want to drink and laze around all day, right?

"I want to visit the meat factory......"

"The meat factory...... Err, well, we still have to deal with our situation first."

"How unfortunate......"

The fox ears on top of Kugi's head plopped down weakly. Not wanting to walk around the colony because of our mysterious assailants was just an excuse. Honestly, I simply just did not want to visit that factory. I've already seen it once so I've probably built up some level of resistance, but it still wasn't something I'd want to see repeatedly.

"Haa, that was really refreshing. Baths are truly wonderful."

"Buhooo!?"

While we were discussing tomorrow's schedule, Dr. Shouko finally came out from the bathroom. And she was only wearing a pair of panties. She looked quite sloppy with a towel hanging on her shoulder. And even if she was wearing panties, her top was bare. Her assets were in full view and were going 'boing boing'.

"Doctor...... As expected, it would be better to have a little bit more modesty."

"Eeh? It's fine, isn't it? We're all just like sisters anyway, and it's not like Hiro hasn't seen everything already, right?"

After saying so, Dr. Shouko shrugged her shoulders. Boing. Boing boing. Un, wonderful. How utterly magnificent, I exclaimed loudly in my heart. Mimi got on her knees, grabbed my head, turned it toward her, and blocked my view by pressing my head to her equally ample chest. Whoah. Is this paradise? I wanna stay here forever.

"Mou, even your hair isn't properly dried yet. You have such wonderful long hair, but it's always such a mess. Wiska, help me out here."

"Yes."

"Eeh? You don't really have to...... H-Hold on. Aren't you a bit too strong, guys? Ow, oww!?"

It looks like Dr. Shouko was grabbed by Elma and Wiska. I was also banished from paradise.

Oh, god. Why have you forsaken me?

"......I guess bigger really is better when it comes ta one's milkers."

Tina muttered as she touched her own chest. That's not true y'know? Even small ones have their own charms. I do not discriminate! But things will probably get worse if I ever voiced that out loud, so I just kept it to myself. Stuff like that might get one seriously hurt if they were careless.

"Oh c'mon, guys...... I'm not a kid y'know?"

"That's even worse. At least wear some proper clothes."

"Eeh? Aren't mercenaries supposed to be all gung-ho, reckless, and free?"

"That's how it is for others. We have our own style."

Meanwhile, Elma and Wiska finished combing Dr. Shouko's hair and dressed her in what appeared to be a negligee with a modest design.

"So she does have a nightgown."

"This is actually Mei's."

"It's a bit tight on the chest."

After saying so, Dr. Shouko pinched the chest area of her negligee with her fingertips and pulled on it. Un, it's going all boing boing again. Thank you very much!

"Big Brother, let's go and shop for Dr. Shouko's clothes tomorrow."

"Eh, that sounds so troublesome. I don't really need more clothes."

"I'm sure having only two sets of clothes is nowhere near enough for most folks."

It looks like Dr. Shouko really didn't have enough clothes. According to her, she can just shove them inside the washing machine whenever she takes a shower or a bath, and they would be clean and dried by the time she gets out, so she didn't see any problem. Also, she apparently sleeps naked.

"There's still that mystery party to worry about though......"

"It's necessary."

"Absolutely."

"Um, it should be necessary?"

Apart from the Doc herself, it looks like everyone wants to go. I guess I better contact Ohta about tomorrow's security arrangements in advance. Honestly, I think it's dangerous to go out and shop at this time, but...... I suppose we can also take this opportunity to grab our enemy by the tail, so let's think positively.

---

TL Note: The title of the chapter is actually different in the raw, but I won't be able to post this chapter if I used it due to how WordPress works so I opted for a close enough workaround. Here's the original for those who are curious:

383 - ( ゜∀゜)o彡゜

---
